well it is a misty day but it is still a
great pleasure to be out here with Nick
out at terra cotta in Damascus and boy
Nick you talk about having pottery for
sale you guys have a huge selection
it definitely pride ourselves on having
the largest selection anywhere around it
really appears to be that way now every
year you know new pottery comes out as
with anything new colors come out what
do you guys think is gonna be some of
the really hot kickin colors this year
well you know some of the really cool
ones when you get falling glazes you
know we have a falling turquoise that I
call you mean this like yeah and we get
yeah multiple colors kind of coming down
in we have a lava glaze it's really
popular it's got kind of the same drip
effect coming down with it there's a new
bright collection coming out this year
bright reds greens yellows just really
really bright nice colors to really
stand out in your house well I know this
behind us is copper is that right yes
the copper red color this is really
beautiful
yeah I've been very very popular all
year it's one of those colors you know
people when they're driving by on the
highway they'll pull in I mean it's just
grabs well and you were telling me
earlier that you have a tree which
correct idea of coral bark may grow Bart
maples yeah and that would just pop it
yeah it looks incredible now there's
also a lot of what you call reds but
that's a huge variation really for what
that means so let's talk a little bit
about why it's good to go with those
colors and what you can do in the future
if you want to add to your garden with
them well you know the when you get the
bright colors like the reds and those
things when you plant a lot of
landscapers we'll talk about the three
different kinds you have the thriller
the filler and the Spiller uh-huh so
your thriller plants kind of your main
focal point kind of given your height
out of your pot then you get filler
plants like annuals for some color but
then especially add against in those
spilling plants coming down to contrast
off here a little bit really tie it all
together combination of all three looks
great every time now a lot of people
when they think pottery they immediately
think of plants because that tends to be
what they're used for but you guys have
come up with some really unique ideas
for fountains
and pottery so why don't we take a
little walk over there and take a look
at those very cool all right
now Nick we are in front of a long line
of fountains all of them are beautiful
and the the thing that is different and
new with these is I think a lot of
people have seen them with these
containers that you can bury in the
ground so you have a really great
selection of pot in pot so you can use
that in a patio so let's start with that
one and then we'll talk about the
in-ground ones yeah you know it's a
great alternative instead of having to
bury down into the ground it could deal
with concrete or like sub patios decks
things like that you can find a pot for
the reservoir and either find something
real wide and low and elevate something
tall and slender inside of it or a lot
of the pots come in three descending
sizes yeah really easy to do kind of a
tiered effect that way and get kind of
that traditional fountain style but add
a little spin on it being all pods so if
you have an apartment or a condominium
absolutely works great now these bigger
ones like this this one really does I
mean it can't help but catch your eye
this is sitting on a metal container
there's some plastic ones too that you
actually would bury in the ground
exactly all the kind of different
options depending on the size of your
pot will could determine how big of a
reservoir you need to make sure that all
your splashing is being contained but
you can do round square kind of
depending on what area are working with
and one of the things that you guys do
that I like because you know I work hard
and to think my goodness I have to go
dig this huge hole you guys will
actually that's a server superb I
definitely will do all the plumbing work
here at the store and then we can bring
it out your house deliver it will dig
the hole bury it down level it make sure
everything is running properly and then
we'll leave you with a 30 day
installation warranty where we'll make
any adjustments free of charge for you
and talk about something that's really
fun quickly show them on so you can
adjust a lot of times you get these put
in and adjust them you have to dig down
show them what you guys have done so you
know every time you want to play with it
if you want just it you don't want to
have to go through three feet of rock to
make minor adjustments so we'll add in a
ball valve right in the PVC and it's
going to make it so that you have full
range of motion of how big or small that
bubble is which is going to help kind of
contain splashing well textured pots
like this so you can find that head
height that you're really going for and
still getting the splash and you want
and just kind of find that happy medium
really easily that's wonderful listen if
you've never been out to tarrick I'll
say in Damascus it is so worth the trip
it's just a
few minutes away from Portland and you
will find not only great pottery but
wonderful gifts and stuff inside the
store so come on out for a visit thank
you so much narrow problems thank you
you